Add note about Examine 1.2.1 breaking change (#4108)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Searching/Examine/index.md

We recommend that you refer to the official [Examine](https://shazwazza.github.io/Examine/) and [Lucene](https://lucenenet.apache.org/) documentation when using Umbraco 9 or later versions.

Since Examine 1.2.1, special characters (like æ, ø, å etc.) are now indexed by default.
This version of Examine ships with Umbraco CMS 8.18 and above.

> Reference [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/issues/11871#issuecomment-1153923424). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, you can refer to the [Github Issue - Umbraco should ship with latest Examine versions](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/issues/11871#issuecomment-1153923424). 
```
